Hyakuman nin no tame ni
utawareta love song nanka ni
Boku wa kantan ni omoi wo
kasanetari wa shinai
Koi seyo to semeru
kono machi no kihon kouzou wa
Easy love! Easy come! Easy go!
Souzou shiteita yori mo
zutto mirai wa genjitsuteki dane
Kuruma mo shibaraku sora wo
hashiru yotei mo nasasousa
Soshite kyou mo chikatetsu ni nori
Mukuchi na tanin to
machi ni okizari ne
Lonely, lonely, setsunakute
kowaresouna yoru ni sae
Lonely, lonely, kimidake wa
original love wo tsuranuite
Lonely, lonely, aitakute
kogoesouna mainichi ni
Kotoba ni dekinai koto wa
murini shinai kotoni shita
Ano hito dake kokoro no seikantai
Wasuretai ne
Love me, love me,
tsuyoku yowai kokoro
Kiss me, kiss me,
aseru hitorino yoru
All right. That's it for today.
Don't forget to review, okay?
Yes.
It'll be on your test.
Fuyutsuki-sensei!
You live alone, right?
Yeah. So?
Can I come by your place
sometime?
Well, I don't know.
My home is a mess.
No problem.
I have questions...
Don't make any plans by yourself.
If you're going, I'll go, too.
That's enough.
Don't tease me like that.
Remember, I'm your teacher.
- I'm serious, man.
- Can we go?
Fuyutsuki-sensei.
I've heard
you're very popular with the boys.
That's not true.
Don't be modest. I've heard all
the boys get studious in your class.
But they give me a hard time.
Because you're young and cute.
I'm called "Chihuahua."
I was miserable
at the last Nelton Party, too...
This world is so unfair...
It's not like that, Kochatani-sensei.
How can you say that?
You must be very, very happy.
What?
Nothing.
You'd better be careful.
Nowadays, students are forward.
You never know what they are up to.
What?
It may happen. "Female teacher
falls in love with her student."
A FEMALE TEACHER RAN AWAY
WITH HER LOVER STUDENT
What? Who's hitting on her?
Onizuka!
Your face is red.
And you smell like alcohol!
Eikichi Onizuka.
Nice to meet you.
So who's hitting on Fuyutsuki?
Is it you?
You?
No one!
You misheard, Onizuka-sensei.
You could have
a great guy like me...
...but you're saying you've made out
with one of your students?
I'm sad.
As a teacher.
Sannomaru's prediction
can come true.
Vice Principal!
If you get excited so easily
by those boys...
...you'll be punished.
I am not carried away by them.
Okay, fine.
The fact that
the boys tease you implies...
...you're accepting their advances.
You need to draw a line
between the teacher and students.
Be careful. I don't want you to get
a virus from a loose teacher here.
Wow! That..!
What?
What are you doing?
No violence.
Do you know
who you are doing this to?
Onizuka...
There's a string on your forehead.
Ouch!
It's your hair!
That's the last piece.
It was still stuck to your head.
You! I'm gonna sue you!
I made a mistake.
Don't get so upset.
My last hair. Put it back!
I told you, I didn't mean it.
Return my hair!
Have I let my guard down?
Ouch!
Where did you throw it?
No one cares about just one hair.
That one makes a big difference.
Should I draw your hair
with this marker?
Don't be stupid!
FACULTY RESTROOM
I thought
I'd be used to teaching by now.
I guess all the girls hate me.
Excuse me.
Hey, is somebody there?
Who is it? Open the door!
Don't get carried away
with the boys.
Pig!
Listen! All the girls hate you.
What are you talking about?
I'm not getting carried away!
If you have a problem, I can listen.
Who do you think you are?
You think you're a teacher?
We see how you attract the boys.
Don't act like you're our teacher.
No one thinks you're our teacher.
You're just a woman
who makes us sick!
You should quit teaching!
Here you go!
- Damn you!
- Bitch!
This isn't the first time.
There have been several things...
I couldn't find my shoes one time.
My chalk was broken into pieces.
I've received voice messages
saying "die" with a female voice.
They're so immature.
You should kick their asses.
I can't do it like you.
You're starting to handle
the infamous Class 3-4.
But I may not be talented enough
to handle a class with 40 students.
If you don't like it,
isn't it better to quit...
...teaching?
What?
You can't handle the students...
... if you get depressed
over stupid things.
Unless you enjoy teaching...
...you'll be stressed out
and become big and fat.
I don't want to see you at 300 pounds.
No way.
Damn you!
We have so much snow here now.
We made a snowman.
I sent photos. Please take a look.
You've finally become a teacher!
Teacher is so happy about this.
She is so proud of you!
I'm so glad. We're behind you!
Hitomi Kizaki.
That's right.
I can't be a teacher
if I get depressed about this.
I'm a teacher now.
Finally I've become a teacher.
I'll do my best, like Onizuka.
Good morning!
GET FIRED. GO AWAY.
YOU HAVE V.D.
GO TO HELL.
We didn't do this.
The girls drew these.
They used crayons,
so it's hard to erase them.
They said
they're boycotting your class.
As long as you're a teacher...
...they said
they wouldn't come to class.
They're stupid.
Don't worry. They're jealous
because you're so cute.
Since they're gone, let's cancel
the class and play a game.
Sounds good. Or do you want
to go to Karaoke? Or a movie?
GET FIRED.
YOU HAVE V.D.
Why don't you tell us
about yourself?
When was your first kiss?
GO TO HELL.
YOU'RE A PORNO ACTRESS. BITCH.
When did you lose
your virginity?
Are you a virgin?
Can we call you Azusa?
That doesn't sound right
for a teacher.
FACULTY ROOM
Fuyutsuki disappeared?
Onizuka! Here are the prints.
Search, search, keep on searching!
Let's find a clue!
Breaking into a house is a crime.
You exaggerate way too much.
It's over-thinking, isn't it?!
Why did you have
to involve us with this?
I just ran into you guys.
I thought you could help me.
I'm certain she's gone
to kill herself.
Find out where she went.
So what are you doing?
Don't take advantage
of this confusion...
... by wearing her underwear.
It's all my fault.
Isn't it better to quit teaching?
Because I said so.
I have to go to class soon.
Lesson? I can give you a lesson.
Dancing...
...singing...
... poetry, limbo dancing.
Limbo dancing?
- What's this...?
- What?
Sounds like she worked
at a Bed and Breakfast in Hakuba...
...while she was in school.
She was exchanging letters
with the daughter at the B&B.
That's it!
Let's go. Let's go to Hakuba!
Oops. I did it again.
You're bad.
Relax. Play slowly. That's the key.
HAKUBA WELCOME
STATION TO HAKUBA
Hey. Hey. Why are we doing this?
That's how it goes.
How can you stay calm?
This is Hakuba. Hakuba!
It's cool. By the way...
...where is Onizuka?
Hey!
Idiots!
What would you do without me?
The school has been closed?
Hitomi.
Azusa.
Long time no see.
Thank you for all your letters.
But I haven't heard
from you in a while...
...and I was getting a little worried.
I'm glad to see you look fine.
You're in high school now.
Back then
you were still carrying a kid's bag.
What do you want?
I don't want to talk to a teacher.
Hitomi. What's the matter?
Hitomi, wait!
I hate teachers!
Hitomi!
Got you!
Fuyutsuki-sensei!
Fuyutsuki!
Fuyutsuki, Fuyutsuki.
I'm so glad you're safe.
Don't be stupid.
Do you understand?
I'm so relieved.
Onizuka.
What do you want to do, jerk?
Sorry. I apologize.
Under the circumstances
if you disappeared...
...everyone would be worried
about you.
I will buy dinner next time.
Please forgive me.
Well, I'm glad I was in time.
I guess you can say
I saved your life.
I had no intention
of killing myself, though.
I think Onizuka is threatening her.
He was so nervous
a few minutes ago.
- That's right.
- How about your lesson?
Lesson? Onizuka will give it to me.
Talk to you later.
Tomoko?!
What are we going to do?
Why don't you stay here tonight?
Fuyutsuki told me to tell you so.
This is my B&B.
I can't say no to her.
If you run to Hakuba
every time you go nuts at school...
...the commute will break you.
What does this place mean to you?
This is where I made my decision
to be a teacher.
I was working at this B&B
during the summer...
...while I was in college.
The girl you met was Hitomi.
The owner's daughter, right?
How did you know?
Her letters.
They were all over your desk.
What?
I didn't take the opportunity
to steal your panties.
What's this?
Sorry.
We broke your window going in.
That's okay.
Thank you for your concern.
Well...
I enjoyed that time very much.
Coincidentally, one of the older
students in my college...
...Senpai, became a teacher...
...and was hired
at an elementary school here.
One day, Hitomi took me to her school.
Everyone loved the teacher.
I started helping her. That was fun.
While I was watching Senpai,
Hitomi, and others...
You wanted to be a teacher
after this?
After my female students
wouldn't come to class...
... I was thinking about
what I'm doing.
It made me really want
to come here.
Onizuka,
what does being a teacher mean?
I was trying so hard.
I checked on every student's
hobby and favorite TV star.
I tried to understand them.
I don't know what to do anymore.
I don't know. I've never put
that much thought into it.
I envy you, Onizuka.
You have no worries.
Oh, I have many worries.
Like having only 50 yen left
before payday.
That's not what you meant?
I was hoping I would feel better
if I saw Hitomi.
But something is wrong.
She told me
she doesn't want to talk to a teacher.
I wonder why. All of the good things
from the past are falling apart.
Okay. Let me talk to her.
What?
Count on me.
Wait, Onizuka!
Where is your daughter?
I think she's at our main house.
Onizuka!
What's next?
Hey, are you the brat
who doesn't like teachers?
Could you tell me who you are?
Eikichi Onizuka, 22 years old.
I am the greatest teacher in Japan!
Onizuka! Stop it.
Are you also a teacher?
Get out of my house.
I don't want to talk to any teachers.
- Hitomi.
- Go home!
No, I won't.
Why don't you like teachers?
Tell me why!
Sure. I'll tell you why.
We were abandoned
by Sagara-sensei.
What?
She was having an affair
with another teacher.
Affair?
- Are you kidding?
- No.
She did something
she shouldn't have done.
You call yourself a teacher?
How could you make us
support your affair...
...with a married man in this school?
Are you saying
a teacher can't be in love?
Are you going to justify
what you did?
What are you going to tell the kids?
I have no intention
of making any excuses.
I'll just tell them the facts
as they are.
What were you thinking?
Principal, fire her now!
So Sagara-sensei was...
We were her last students
before the school closed.
She quit teaching school
before we graduated.
She must have gone
somewhere with him.
She's that kind of person.
Tomorrow the school will be gone.
Demolished.
What do you mean?
The school will be blown up
for a film.
That'll give me a break.
Stupid.
Don't pout over such a thing.
A teacher is human, too.
There's nothing wrong
with her loving someone.
Onizuka!
Don't talk like that
without thinking of her feelings.
Her feelings?
How about his wife's, child's,
and our feelings?!
She is the one who doesn't care
about people's feelings!
She's just selfish.
That's why!
That's why I hate teachers!
Subete no hito wo aiseru wake ja
nainara semete aisuru hito wo
Uragi razu ni utagawazu ni
semetari nikundari shinai de
Mujaki de irukoto ga
hito wo kizutsukete shimau no?
Shizuka na jounetsu ga
hitomi no oku de sawagi dasu...
Anata ni meguri aete
Hateshinai toki no naka de
jibun ni nani ga dekiru
Ima wa mada chiisaku temo
kagayaki keseya shinai yo
Kobore souna namida no tsubu
nagasazu mune ni tamete
Isshun wo tsuyoku iki yo
ichizu na shizuku ni natte
NEXT EPISODE
The demolition is going to start.
If not blown to pieces,
then vaporized.
The other end!
Wait for me.